Amazon.com Conditions of Use

Welcome to Amazon.com. Amazon.com Services LLC and its affiliates provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.com.
By using Amazon Services, you agree, on behalf of yourself and all members of your household and others who use any Service under your account, to the following conditions.
Please read these conditions carefully. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.

PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of Amazon Services, to understand our practices.

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use Amazon Services, or send emails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.

YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Amazon does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method.
If you are under 18, you may use the Amazon Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use Amazon Services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.

REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
You may post reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable.
Amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
Amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.

RISK OF LOSS
All purchases of physical items from Amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The Amazon Services and all information, content, materials, products and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Amazon Services are provided by Amazon on an as is and as available basis, unless otherwise specified in writing.
Amazon makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Amazon Services, or the information, content, materials, products or other services included on or otherwise made available to you.
To the full extent permissible by law, Amazon disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Amazon does not warrant that the Amazon Services, information, content, materials, products or other services are free of viruses or other harmful components.
To the full extent permissible by law, Amazon will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any Amazon Service, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.

DISPUTES AND ARBITRATION
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Amazon Service will be adjudicated in the state or Federal courts in King County, Washington, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in these courts.
Each party waives any right to a jury trial.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
